---
title: "May 2016 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2016-05"
---

# Upcoming Quaker Events

There are some upcoming events which may require advance registration & planning.

On **June 10-12**, Quaker Religious Education Collaboration presents
*Instilling Quaker Identity through Religious Education* at Quaker Hill
Conference Center in Richmond, Indiana.  Please see the [Registration
Flier](http://ovym.quaker.org/documents/2016RelEd.pdf) for all of the details.
There's also information on the [QREC website](http://www.quakers4re.org/).

**July 27-31** are the dates for the **OVYM annual sessions**, held at Earlham
College in Richmond, Indiana.

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

May topics include: 

* **May 1** *John Woolman* - **Gail K**
* **May 8** *The Shifting Bible Belt* - **Stan B**
* **May 15** *Comparing the Libraries of Quaker & Fundamentalist Universities* - **Stan B**
* **May 22** *Doing Business in the Manner of Friends* - **Peter H**
* **May 29** *Poet William Stafford: Pacifism & the Good War* - **Melva P**

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, **Melva
P**, and **Kitrina K**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **May 6** *Trauma and Quaker Community*.  **Steve S** will lead us as we read and discuss an article from the March 2016 Friends Journal:
[Imagining a Trauma-Transformed Quaker Community](http://www.friendsjournal.org/imagining-a-trauma-informed-quaker-community/) pp 14-16.

* **May 20** *In what ways do we care for one another in community*.

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45 until 9:00.

Please contact **Joanna B** if you need child care during the discussion.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.

NOTE:  There are now pre-printed cards available at the Meetinghouse on which
you can check off items in your dish of which some Friends might be wary. 

# Knitting Group

Please join us, even if only for 30 minutes, this **Saturday, May 14 from
10-12** at the meetinghouse for knitting/crocheting or whatever crafts you are
into.  If it's a beautiful day we could sit out on the porch!  Contact
**Roberta G** with any questions.

# Announcements From Other Faith Communities

**Michael Curry**, Presiding Bishop of the U.S. Episcopal Church will be
preaching **Sunday, May 18** at **8:45 a.m.** and **11:00 a.m.** at Christ Church
Cathedral on Market Street.  Bishop Curry is the first African American
Presiding Bishop!  Information is available on the Christ Church Cathedral 
[web site](http://www.ccclex.org/).

**The Hunt Brothers**, who shared a program with us last summer, will be
playing **Sunday, May 18th at 3pm**, at a little church in the middle of Kenton
Street.  Kenton Street runs from 4th Street through 5th Street and deadens
before 6th Street, behind Transylvania University.

# Arabella's Journey

**Theo S** invites everyone to the Bluegrass Youth Ballet presentation of
*Arabella's Journey* May 6th and 7th.  This performance follows a 1930's movie
star and a love-struck sailor around the world featuring the fantastic national
dances of each country they visit including Switzerland, Scotland, Bolivia,
Greece, Italy, Germany, Russia, Ireland, Morocco, Ghana and more.  More info at
http://www.bluegrassyouthballet.org/.

