---
title: "November 2016 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2016-11"
---

# Save the Date

**December 16** LFM Holiday party

**April 7-9, 2017** is when our annual Pine Mountain Retreat will be happening.

# LFM Holiday Season Project: The Nest

We are once again collecting items needed by The Nest as our annual Holiday
Season Project.  The Nest provides a crisis childcare program, domestic
violence counseling and an advocacy program, a parent education and support
program, and a crisis care program.  It is located near the Meetinghouse at
Limestone and Martin Luther King, Jr. Blvd.  For more information about the
nest: http://thenestlexington.org/

The first stage of this project begins immediately and continues until 12/15.
During this period, we collect gifts for young children as part of the
Nest's Reindeer Express project.  Place your gifts in the large magenta tab
that is located at the end of the hall as you enter the Social Hall.

After 12/15 that we will collect items that the Nest needs year round.  

**ITEMS FOR REINDEER EXPRESS** (do not wrap your contributions):

* new toys
* wrapping paper, gift bags, ribbon, and tape
* books for 5 and under
* coats for children ages 5 and under
* hats, mittens, scarves and gloves for 5 and under

Items needed are after 12/15: diapers, baby wipes, formula, baby toiletries,
general toiletries, new or gently used baby equipment, new or gently used
children's clothing (birth to size 5) new or gently used children's toys,
nonperishable food items, and cleaning supplies.

# All-Kentucky Gathering

**Sunday, November 6**, the Lexington Friends will be hosting the All-Kentucky
Gathering.  See the [Registration and Schedule](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8QtC5CDCC_aMHdGSTVUY2JvY2M/view) for more information.

Ohio Valley Yearly Meeting Friend **Lois Diann Herzog** will be presenting a
program on spiritual gifts. Some friends might remember an early version of
this offering from a workshop at OVYM yearly meeting sessions several years
ago. Since that time, Diann has been asked to present her material at a number
of monthly meetings and yearly meetings other than our own; she reports that
she has appreciated the opportunity to develop and deepen her offering.

The teens and children will be having their own program with Diann in the
morning on Sunday, while the adults participate in a Meeting for Worship. They
will then travel to the indoor water park in Georgetown for the afternoon. If a
child is three or younger, their parent or guardian should accompany them to
this water activity. 

* 8:00 Breakfast
* 9:30 Get-to-know-you activities
* 10:00 Meeting for Worship
* 11:30 Potluck Lunch
* 1:00 Young Friends: Water park! Adults: Program - Spiritual Gifts
* 3:00 Activities, Games, Singing
* 3:30 Retrospective


# Thanksgiving Day Potluck at the Meetinghouse

PLEASE RSVP: We will not be coordinating food this year.  We expect that with
many people coming we will have the variety we need.  Nevertheless, we are
interested in estimating how many people are coming so we have enough Turkey
and drinks.  Call **Betsy N.** or email **Richard M**.  Please tell us
how many from your household are coming, and of those, how many would like
turkey.

* 1:00 p.m.     Gather
* 1:15 p.m.     We circle for a silent blessing
* 1:17 p.m.     Food & F/friends

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

* **November 13** *On Gratitude* - **Audrey R.**
* **November 20** *On Gratitude #2* - **Patricia G.**
* **November 27** *On Gratitude #3* - **Melva P.**

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, **Melva
Sue P**, and **Kitrina K**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

## First Hour, November 13

*Morning Thanksgiving* by John Drinkwater.

For show and tell at First Hour on November 13, let's bring simple,
little-noticed, surprising objects of love and thankfulness:  things, deeds,
animals, persons we'd not thought much about before.  These may include items
themselves, or as described in poems, stories, songs, and pictures.

We'll let one thing lead to another and by the time we adjourn we'll have a
cornucopia of modest offerings for our silent worship.

## First Hour, November 20

**Patricia G** will lead us as we consider the query: *What difficulty in your
past turned out to be a gratitude?*

## First Hour, November 27

We will take another look at gratitude, this time for a specific small thing:
Safety Pins. How interesting it can be to really look/research the little
things in our lives. And then talk about more small things.  Melva will lead
this hour, anchored with a recent article from Atlantic Monthly. A second
article in Expedition Magazine, which has been published by the Penn Museum
since 1958, includes photographs of ancient safety pins.  She will bring
copies.  Get your own at the links below:

Click here to view and print: [Caballar R. 2016. Three millennia of safety pins. theatlantic com](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8QtC5CDCC_ablhET016dUJndFk/view?usp=sharing)

Click here to view and print: [Muscarella OW. 1964. Ancient safety pins - their function and significance. Expedition Magazine. 6.2](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8QtC5CDCC_aTkhPOU51bGJGM1k/view?usp=sharing)


# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **November 18** *Building Usage*

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45
until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  

## 3rd Friday Potluck

Our building is used by many groups much of the time.  We'll be reviewing
current usage.
