---
title: "October 2016 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2016-10"
---
# Save the Date

**November 6** We will be hosting the *All Kentucky Friends Gathering* at the Meetinghouse.  Breakfast will be served by us, and there will be a potluck lunch.  In the afternoon, children go to the indoor pool in Georgetown.  Runs from 8:30am to 4pm.  **Please register by Oct 30**.  [Registration Form](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8QtC5CDCC_aMHdGSTVUY2JvY2M/view).

**April 7-9, 2017** is when our annual Pine Mountain Retreat will be happening.

# Vocal Ministry Workshop

A *Vocal Ministry workshop*, led by **Ben Lloyd**, will be held on the 
Fri. Oct. 7  potluck followed by a *Introduction to Vocal Ministry workshop*
on Saturday from 10:00am-2:00pm with a pizza lunch.

The workshop is sponsored by our Ministry & Worship Committee. This workshop
will help us understand more clearly when what we have in our hearts is coming
from the Spirit.  It is something you won't want to miss. 

Benjamin Lloyd of Abington Monthly Meeting, Philadelphia Yearly Meeting, offers
a gentle and interactive workshop on vocal ministry. Using his research on how
Quakers have historically described rising and speaking in meeting for worship,
their descriptions of the conditions necessary for powerful ministry, and his
own years of experience as a Friend and a teacher of acting, Ben weaves
together a workshop which avoids teaching "what" Friends should share, but
rather supports what Friends feel when sharing. Drawing a distinction between
"thinking" and "feeling" during worship, Ben provides readings to consider and
exercises to enjoy, meant to stimulate one's own unique felt experience before,
during, and after speaking.

# OVYM Joint Quarterly Meeting

**October 29 & 30** is OVYM Joint Quarterly Meeting at [Camp Kern](http://campkern.org/) near Lebanon, OH.  [Registration](http://ovym.quaker.org/qmdocuments/2016JQMRegistration.pdf) is due **October 9**.

This year Ohio Valley Yearly Meeting's two Quarterly Meetings come together for
a fall retreat.  Located near Lebanon, Ohio, Camp Kern campground is wooded,
hilly, and incredibly beautiful.  The fall colors should be at their peak.
Join us.  Get to know Quakers from Ohio, Indiana, & KY. 

# Spooky Halloween Party

**Oct 28 Halloween Potluck Supper**
All are invited to come in costume.  Gail K., Maria F., and Beth M. will bring intergenerational games.

# Community Problems Assembly

On **Monday, October 17** at **7:30PM**, BUILD will be hosting its
Communit Problems Assembly at Shiloh Baptist Church.

BUILD develops its issues through a listening process.  Leaders at our
congregations host small group meetings with other members of the congregation
to discuss their concerns for their family and friends and our community.  As a
result, hundreds of problems surface and are brought to the Community Problems
Assembly (CPA).  At this assembly, those present will hear about the problems
that congregations have shared.  Also you will be updated on what is happening
with justice issues that BUILD is working on.

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

* **October 2** *Poet William Stafford: Pacifism & the Good War* - **Melva P.**
* **October 9** *TBD* - **Audrey R.**
* **October 16** *Unity* - **Elizabeth L.**
* **October 23** *Eliza Hicks* - **Paul Buckley**
* **October 30** *Topic TBD* - **Presenter TBD**

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, **Melva
Sue P**, and **Kitrina K**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

## First Hour, October 2
We will continue our discussion on Quaker poet William Stafford.   Stafford was
a pacifist and a conscientious objector (CO) during the "good war"
(World War II) when that war was widely supported and being an conscientious
objector was seen by some as equivalent to treason. 

We meet in the Library from 9:15 to 10:15 a.m.  Melva Sue Priddy will lead us.

Click [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8QtC5CDCC_abWY5WldaZmZJWkk/view?usp=sharing) for a printable (PDF format) copy of some of Stafford's poems.

Please join us.  There's no need to have participated in our earlier
discussions on this topic to understand and participate in this week's
discussion.

## First Hour, October 23

For this first hour, Peter will be bringing guest speaker, Paul Buckley,
who is a member of our Yearly Meeting, and teaches at Earlham College.  Paul
will be speaking on Elias Hicks, who was an American Friend who advocated
abolition early in the 19th century.  Among Friends he is better known for
ministry that contributed to the split between conservative (Hicksite) and
orthodox Friends in 1827.  Ironically, although called "conservative", 
"Hicksite" Quakers were and are the theologically more liberal group.
Lexington Meeting is a Hicksite Meeting. 

Paul is the author of three books on Elias Hicks: 
[The Essential Elias Hicks](https://quakerbooks.org/products/essential-elias-hicks-6169), 
[The Journal of Elias Hicks](https://quakerbooks.org/products/the-journal-of-elias-hicks-3636),
and [Dear Friend, Letters and Essays of Elias Hicks](https://quakerbooks.org/products/dear-friend-letters-and-essays-of-elias-hicks-3652).

## First Hour, October 30

# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **October 7** *Vocal Ministry Workshop*
* **October 21** *Preschool Building Usage*

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45
until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  

## 1st Friday Potluck
*Vocal Ministry Workshop* with **Ben Lloyd**.

## 3rd Friday Potluck
Preschool building usage and needs (threshing session).

