---
title: "December 2016 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2016-12"
---

# Save the Date

**April 7-9, 2017** is when our annual Pine Mountain Retreat will be happening.

# Quaker Holiday Party

Mark your calendar.  Our holiday potluck will be the only potluck Lexington
Friends will hold in December. Notice that we are starting earlier than usual,
6:00 p.m. not 7:00 p.m.  NOTE: Both our usual 1st and 3rd Friday potlucks are
canceled.

* 5:45 p.m.       Gather
* 6:00 p.m.       We circle for a silent blessing
* 6:05 p.m.       Supper
* 6:45 p.m.       Supper clean-up (everyone chips in)
* 7:00 p.m.       Intergenerational singing & dancing (Maria will lead us)
* 7:30 p.m.       Gift exchange
* 8:20 p.m.       Intergenerational carol singing

# LFM Holiday Season Project: The Nest

We are once again collecting items needed by The Nest as our annual Holiday
Season Project.  The Nest provides a crisis childcare program, domestic
violence counseling and an advocacy program, a parent education and support
program, and a crisis care program.  It is located near the Meetinghouse at
Limestone and Martin Luther King, Jr. Blvd.  For more information about the
Nest, see http://thenestlexington.org/.

The first stage of this project begins immediately and continues until 12/15.
During this period, we collect gifts for young children as part of the
Nest's Reindeer Express project.  Place your gifts in the large magenta tab
that is located at the end of the hall as you enter the Social Hall.

After December 15 we will collect items that the Nest needs year round.  

**ITEMS FOR REINDEER EXPRESS (by Dec 15)** (do not wrap your contributions):

* new toys
* wrapping paper, gift bags, ribbon, and tape
* books for 5 and under
* coats for children ages 5 and under
* hats, mittens, scarves and gloves for 5 and under

**Items needed after Dec 15 include:** diapers, baby wipes, formula, baby toiletries,
general toiletries, new or gently used baby equipment, new or gently used
children's clothing (birth to size 5) new or gently used children's toys,
nonperishable food items, and cleaning supplies.

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

* **December 4** *Rufus Jones*
* **December 11** *A 1976 Quaker Cookbook* - **Melva Sue P.**
* **December 18** *Engaging the Holiday Blues* - **Audrey R.**

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, **Melva
Sue P**, and **Kitrina K**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

## First Hour, December 4

Rufus Jones video and discussion.

## First Hour, December 11

At this First hour, we will take a look at some history, sayings and recipes
from Quaker Flavors: a Cookbook by Willistown Friends Meeting, Chester County.
PA., 1976.  Melva will have handouts to share.   Melva Sue Priddy
will lead us.

## First Hour, December 18

*Frosty wind made moan...*

Though it's not quite midwinter, it doesn't take a polar vortex to leave
many feeling bleak around Christmas time.  Let's call the feeling Noël Blue.
At First Hour on December 18 we'll take a look at those many shades of blue
in poems, legends (meet a dysfunctional Holy Family), songs, art, play,
memories, silence.  If you wish, please come wearing a touch of blue and be
prepared to mix some warms and cools, supplies provided.  Audrey will lead
us.

# Potlucks

We'll only have a single poluck this month:

* **December 16 at 5:45pm** *Holiday Party*

