---
title: "June 2016 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2016-06"
---

# Upcoming Events

There are some upcoming events which may require advance registration & planning.

On June 10-12, **Quaker Religious Education Collaboration** presents
*Instilling Quaker Identity through Religious Education* at Quaker Hill
Conference Center in Richmond, IN.  Please see the [Registration
Flier](http://ovym.quaker.org/documents/2016RelEd.pdf) for all of the details.
There's also information on the [QREC website](http://www.quakers4re.org/).

July 27-31 are the dates for the **OVYM annual sessions**, held at Earlham
College in Richmond, IN.

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

This month's topics include: 

* **June 5** *Poet William Stafford: Pacifism & the Good War* - **Melva P**
* **June 12** *Poet William Stafford: Pacifism & the Good War* - **Melva P**
* **June 19** *Meeting for Business Education* - **Peter H**
* **June 26** *Time #1* - **Audrey R**

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, **Melva
Sue P**, and **Kitrina K**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **June 3** *TBD*
* **June 17** *TBD*

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45 until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  

NOTE:  There are now pre-printed cards available at the Meetinghouse on which
you can check off items in your dish of which some Friends might be wary. 

