---
title: "April 2016 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2016-04"
---

# Pine Mountain Retreat

Our annual retreat at Pine Mountain Settlement school is happening April 15-17.
Please contact **Joanna** for more information.

# BUILD Nehemiah Action Assembly

Once a year, 27 congregations from all around Lexington, including Lexington
Quakers, come together in an exciting meeting to generate power to address
serious problems in our community.  This event, called the Nehemiah Action
Assembly, will take place at **7:00 p.m. Tuesday April 12**.  Please help Lexington
Meeting and our entire community be attending this assembly. 

The topics for the 2016 action are:

  * Stop the Violence and Reclaim our Neighborhoods
  * End the Payday Lending Debt Trap
  * Our Mentally Ill Need Care- Not Crisis

If you have any questions about BUILD or about the Assembly please call
Lexington Quaker's BUILD coordinator **Yoshiya**.


# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

* **April 3** *Islam* - **John Parks**
* **April 10** *John Woolman* - **Gail**
* **April 17** *The Quiet Eye* - **Audrey**
* **April 24** *John Woolman* - **Gail**

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey**, **Elizabeth Long**, **Melva
Sue**, and **Kitrina**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

# Potlucks

* **April 1** *Policing our Neighborhood*. Lexington police woman, **Nicole
  Gibson**, whose assignment is to patrol the neighborhood surrounding our
  Meetinghouse during the night will share her experiences, give advice on
  personal safety, and answer our questions. 

* **April 17** *Canceled because of the annual retreat*.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  

NOTE:  There are now pre-printed cards available at the Meetinghouse on which
you can check off items in your dish of which some Friends might be wary. 

Please contact **Joanna** if you need child care during the
discussion.

# Knitting Group

Please join us, even if only for 30 minutes, this **Saturday, April 23**, from
10-12 at the meetinghouse for knitting/crocheting or whatever crafts you are
into.  If it's a beautiful day we could sit out on the porch!  Contact
**Roberta** with any questions.

# 2015 (and 2016) CROP Walk

**Judy** reports that the goal for the 2015 CROP Hunger Walk exceeded their
goal, raising a total of $25,700.  This included over $700 from LFM.  

The 2016 CROP Hunger Walk will happen **Sunday, Sept 25**. The website is
http://lexcropwalk.blogspot.com.

# Arabella's Journey

**Theo** invites everyone to the Bluegrass Youth Ballet presentation of
*Arabella's Journey* May 6th and 7th.  This performance follows a 1930's movie
star and a love-struck sailor around the world featuring the fantastic national
dances of each country they visit including Switzerland, Scotland, Bolivia,
Greece, Italy, Germany, Russia, Ireland, Morocco, Ghana and more.  More info at
http://www.bluegrassyouthballet.org/.

