---
title: "August 2016 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2016-08"
---

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

* **August 7** *Grab Bag* - **Presenter TBD**
* **August 14** *Fields of Blood: Religion and the Story of Violence- pt1* - **Pamela G**
* **August 21** *Fields of Blood: Religion and the Story of Violence- pt2* - **TBD**
* **August 28** *Topic TBD* - **Presenter TBD**

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, **Melva
Sue P**, and **Kitrina K**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

## First Hour, August 14

We will be reading and discussing <a
href="http://www.abebooks.com/servlet/SearchResults?sts=t&tn=Fields+of+Blood%3A+Religion+and+the+History+of+Violence">
Fields of Blood:  Religion and the History of Violence</a> by Karen Armstrong.
**Pamela G** will lead us.

Here's teaser from Armstrong's book:

> We have seen that, like the weather, religion "does lots of different
> things".  To claim that it has a single, unchanging, and inherently violent
> essence is not accurate. Identical religious beliefs and practices have
> inspired diametrically opposed courses of action. In the Hebrew Bible, the
> Deuteronomists and the Priestly authors all meditated on the same stories,
> but the Deuteronomists turned virulently against foreign peoples, while the
> Priestly authors sought reconciliation. Chinese Daoists, Legalists, and
> military strategists shared the same set of ideas and meditative disciplines
> but put them to entirely different uses. Saint Luke and the Johannine authors
> all reflected on Jesus’s message of love, but Luke reached out to
> marginalized members of society, while the Johannines confined their love to
> their own group.

## First Hour, August 21

As a continuation from last week, we will be reading and discussing <a
href="http://www.abebooks.com/servlet/SearchResults?sts=t&tn=Fields+of+Blood%3A+Religion+and+the+History+of+Violence">
Fields of Blood:  Religion and the History of Violence</a> by Karen Armstrong.


# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* ~~**August 5** *LFM Communications*~~ POSTPONED
* **August 19** *Quaker communications with one another and the world*

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45 until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  

<a name="3rd-friday-potluck"></a>
## 3rd Friday Potluck

We will discuss our newly revised Lexington Meeting website and our other
communications vehicles, including: our Facebook site, listserv, newsletter,
and email announcements (QAs).  How well are our current methods working?  What
do we need to communicate better with one another?  What do we need to
communicate better with central Kentucky, with the world?  Members of our
Outreach Committee will lead this discussion.

# Save the Date

**Sunday, September 25** is the [CROP Hunger Walk](http://www.crophungerwalk.org/lexingtonky).

**April 7-9** is when our annual Pine Mountain Retreat will be happening.
