---
title: "April 2017 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2017-04"
---

# Save the Date

**April 23** - Peace and Social Concerns Committee is hosting a visit from Rev.
Busura from Rwanda.  He will be present for both First Hour and available
during Fellowship at rise of meeting.

**May 20-21** - **Kathleen Cummings Memorial & Panola Ridge Sanctuary Opening**.  

**June 14-18** - **Ohio Valley Yearly Meeting at Earlham College, Richmond,
Indiana**.  Come be with other Friends from Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky.
Children will attend for free.  Great programs for children and adults.

**July 2-8** - **FGC Gathering at Niagra University, Niagra Falls, New York**.
*"Ripples Start Where Spirit Moves"* is the theme.  This is the large national
gathering of the liberal Friends General Conference.

**October 6-8** - **All Kentucky Friends Gathering**. This will be held at the
Blue Grass Christian Camp, located 3 miles east of I-75 Exit 104 near
Lexington. We are planning a weekend retreat, beginning Friday evening and
ending with Sunday lunch. There will be opportunities for worship,
fellowship, recreation, and spiritual growth and renewal.


# Self-Healing Qi Qong 

On **Saturday, April 15**, LFM's Ministry and Worship Committee is sponsoring
an opportunity to experience a Self-Healing Qi Gong meditation led by
**Roberta G** from 1:00 - 3:00 p.m. at the meetinghouse. 

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

* **April 2** *Lexington Meeting's Contribution to Ohio Valley Yearly Meeting* - Peter Hardy
* **April 9** *Cancelled*
* **April 16** *Quakers & Scripture: Elias Hicks*
* **April 23** *TBA* - TBD
* **April 30** *TBA* - TBD

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to the
members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, and **Melva Sue
P**).

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

## First Hour, April 2

Each year, Lexington Meeting pays an annual "fair share" assessment to our
Yearly Meeting.  A starting amount is calculated on the basis of the number of
members we report.  We will meet to discuss whether or not this amount should
be adjusted higher or lower than that amount according to our ability to pay.
Peter Hardy will lead this discussion.            

## First Hour, April 16

While reading Paul Buckley's sketch of Elias Hick's life *The Essential Elias
Hicks*, I realized that Buckley's description of Hick's attitudes toward
scripture is a good summary of traditional Quaker views of scripture. This
Sunday I will lead us as we will continue to read
Buckley's chapter on Hicks' views about scripture.  Like
most of his contemporary Christians, Hicks read scripture as literally true.
That said, he also carried attitudes toward Scripture that are refreshingly
modern.  Liberal Quakers today carry in our DNA some of Hicks attitudes.
How are 21st century Quakers similar to Hicks and how are we different?                            
                                                                                                   
Hicks was perhaps the most important Quaker preacher of his day.  Although
Hicks himself did not cause the split, his name (Hicksite) has been given to
one faction in the 1821 split that divided Friend into Hicksite Friends and
Orthodox Friends.  In the course of time, Hick's faction has become "liberal"
Friends. Lexington Meeting is a liberal Friends Meeting.  Click
[here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elias_Hicks) for additional background
about Elias Hicks.


# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **April 21** *FCNL Initiatives*

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45
until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  

## 3rd Friday Potluck

Topic: *FCNL Initiatives*

FCNL staff from northern Kentucky will be discussing FCNL initiatives.

