---
title: "August 2017 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2017-08"
---

# Upcoming Events

## Save The Date

* *October 6-8* - All Kentucky Gathering, in Berea.
* *April 13-15* - Annual Spring Retreat at Pine Mountain Settlement School.
* *October 15* - Miami Quarterly Meeting at Yellow Springs Monthly Meeting.

## FCNL Advocacy Workshop

On **Wednesday, August 2**, Emily Savin from the Friends Committee on National
Legislation will be in Lexington to present a workshop on in-person lobbying to
try to prevent a drastic increase in our  nation’s Defense Budget.  The
workshop begins at 5:30 with a light supper.  The workshop itself is from 6:00
p.m. to 9:00 p.m. at the Meetinghouse.  The workshop is sponsored by the newly
forming   Lexington Advocacy Team.  We hope you will consider becoming part of
this team. 

## Conversations around Advance Care Planning

On **Saturday, August 26** from 9-noon, the Care & Nurture Committee of LFM is
sponsoring a workship on advance care planning.

We will review the form that Lexington Meeting has used to allow each of us to
inform the Meeting ofour preferences for advance planning for healthcare,
funeral planning and options for body disposition.


We will watch a film on the importance of having a “living will” to help
families and friends guidethe healthcare when the person is not in a position
to either make and/or communicate their own healthcare choices.

We will have living will forms available to complete and a notary to notarize
the document at this meeting.

Please join us in learning and participating in the discussion.  Also invite
loved ones to this conversation.



# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

This month's topics include: 

* **August 6** *Responding to Quotations fron Eduardo Galeano* - **Chris Daniel**
* **August 13** *TBA* - **TBD**
* **August 20** *Inspiring Quotes and Stories from Latin America - pt 3*- **Chris Daniel**

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, and **Melva
Sue P**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.


## August 6

Topic: Responding to Quotations from Eduardo Galeano

Eduardo Galeana (1940-2015) was a Uruguayan journalist, political activist, and
novelist.  Despite apparently never encountering Quakers, he expressed some
ideas likely to interest Friends.  Some of his poetic quotations (conveniently
translated into English) address the limitations of charity, the nature of the
body, silence, and voice.  Others describe exploitative aspects of Latin
American history and jarringly portray (in a manner also pertinent to many
other places, including USA) persisting societal inequalities.

## August 20

Topic: Inspiring Quotes and Stories from Latin America - Part 3

Watch and respond to the captivating video, "Bendicion de la Semilla, 2014".
By facilitating communication between local Native-American communities Fomento
and Radio Huaya (see Week 2) contributed to organization of the ceremonial
event that is shown in the video.  In contrast to past observances, this fiesta
brought together people from three different ethnic groups/language
communities, residents of 32 villages and three states.  This "Blessing" served
as both a cultural affirmation and a community building activity.

In addition to potentially drawing inspiration from "Blessing the Seed",
Friends may also find the video thought provoking.  Quakers try to see what is
divine in every person, including within people who are part of religious
traditions that differ from Christianity.  Should Friends also try to perceive
whatever is good or perhaps divinely inspired within the traditions practiced
by those Non-Christians?

Watching the video, some may see positive things occurring.   But, it is also
worth considering whether or not anything in the spiritual tradition being
portrayed imposes limitations on people.

**Chris D** will lead our Discussion

# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **August 4** *Living Our Mission Statement*
* **August 18** *Social*

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45 until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  

NOTE:  There are now pre-printed cards available at the Meetinghouse on which
you can check off items in your dish of which some Friends might be wary. 

## First Friday, August 4

We will review the Meeting’s mission, goals, and focus statements and ask
ourselves: 1) how well we live up to them and 2) do they need to be revised in
any way?


## Third Friday, August 18

A social potluck at **Lucinda M**'s farm.

