---
title: "January 2017 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2017-01"
---

# Save the Date

**April 7-9, 2017** is when our annual Pine Mountain Retreat will be happening.

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

* **January 8** *Introduction to Personal Ecology* - **Pat G.**
* **January 15** *TBA* - **TBA**
* **January 22** *TBA* - **TBA**
* **January 29** *TBA* - **TBA**

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, **Melva
Sue P**, and **Kitrina K**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

## First Hour, January 8

*Introduction to Personal Ecology* 

Pat is a member of Berea Friends Meeting.  She writes:

> I will do a 15-20 minute user-friendly presentation on the science of what
> sustains life from the perspectives of deep ecology, occupational science
> (occupation being broadly defined as what we do with ourselves), and
> spiritual traditions.  We are all aware that many decisions we face are
> difficult and complex.  The personal ecology model offers insights into how
> those decisions might be made so that health, well-being, and community can
> be strengthened.  
>
> Queries participants might ponder in preparation for this
> topic are: 
>
> 1. In what situations do I feel really alive?  
> 2. In what situations do I feel less alive?  
>
> I am looking forward to sharing and  learning with you all, and to deepening
> my acquaintance with Lexington  Friends.

# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **January 6** *Welcome New Members; Unexploded Ordinance*
* **January 20** *TBA**

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45
until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  

## 1st Friday Potluck

Topic: Welcome new members + film on families and unexploded ordinance.

At this meal we will joyfully welcome Elizabeth L. and Melva P. as new
members of Lexington Friends Meeting.  Join us as we celebrate these wonderful
new members of the Religious Society of Friends.

After supper we will watch the 27-minute film: *Surviving the Peace: The story
of one family's tragic experience with unexploded ordinance*.  Following the
film, Peace & Social Concerns Committee Clerk Steve Swill lead us in discussing
it.

