---
title: "June 2017 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2017-06"
---

# Save the Date

**June 3** - **Religious Education Retreat** 9-12 Saturday.

**June 14-18** - **Ohio Valley Yearly Meeting at Earlham College, Richmond,
Indiana**.  Come be with other Friends from Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky.
Children will attend for free.  Great programs for children and adults.

**July 2-8** - **FGC Gathering at Niagra University, Niagra Falls, New York**.
*"Ripples Start Where Spirit Moves"* is the theme.  This is the large national
gathering of the liberal Friends General Conference.

**October 6-8** - **All Kentucky Friends Gathering**. This will be held at the
Blue Grass Christian Camp, located 3 miles east of I-75 Exit 104 near
Lexington. We are planning a weekend retreat, beginning Friday evening and
ending with Sunday lunch. There will be opportunities for worship,
fellowship, recreation, and spiritual growth and renewal.

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

* **June 4** *Prayer* - Betty B.
* **June 11** *A Brief History of the Meaning of Friendship* - Doug D.
* **June 18** *TBA* - TBD
* **June 25** *TBA* - TBD

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to the
members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, and **Melva Sue P**).

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

## First Hour, June 4

**Betty B** will be sharing her experiences with prayer within Protestant
Christian traditions and will invite others to react and share.

## First Hour, June 11

This will be a general history of the philosophy of friendship in the West and
a discussion on the Quaker origins of and meaning behind the choice of
"Friends" as an appellation in relation to its place in history.

How did the Quaker name 'the Religious Society of Friends of the Truth' arise?
What was the intended meaning behind this phrase?

Why do we call each other Friends?

How does Quaker friendship compare to past and present ideas of friendship?

What is the meaning of friendship for the LFM?

**Doug D.** will lead our discussion.

Supplemental Reading:

* [A Quaker Stew: 'F' is for Friends of the Truth](http://aquakerstew.blogspot.com/2014/03/f-is-for-friends-in-truth.html)
* [I Have Called You Friends](http://www.baylor.edu/content/services/document.php/61118.pdf)
* [Friends of what?](https://quakerlexicon.wordpress.com/2010/03/04/friends-of-what/)

# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **June 2** *LFM Budget: Our Contributions to Organizations*

**Claire C.** and **Steve S.** will review our contributions to
organizations.  Who are these organizations?  What do they do?  Why do we give
and are the relative amounts we give at the levels we want them?

We need to hold this discussion to help set the amount we are give to each of
these organization.  In addition, Ohio Valley Yearly Meeting is asking us to
hold a similar discussion about how we feel about the Yearly Meetings
contributions to many of the same organizations.

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45
until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  
