---
title: "February 2017 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2017-02"
---

# Save the Date

**April 7-9** - **LFM Retreat at Pine Mountain Settlement School**.  We
gather Friday night through Sunday lunch.  Children are free.  

**May 20-21** - **Kathleen Cummings Memorial & Panola Ridge Sanctuary Opening**.  

**June 14-18** - **Ohio Valley Yearly Meeting at Earlham College, Richmond,
Indiana**.  Come be with other Friends from Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky.
Children will attend for free.  Great programs for children and adults.

**July 2-8** - **FGC Gathering at Niagra University, Niagra Falls, New York**.
*"Ripples Start Where Spirit Moves"* is the theme.  This is the large national
gathering of the liberal Friends General Conference.

# Introduction to AVP (Alternatives to Violence Project)

This workshop is the second of three *Living in Community* events designed
to help members of LFM improve the skills we need to successfully work with
one another in community..  Saturday's workshop, about AVP, will be
facilitated by a team of leaders from Berea Monthly Meeting.

AVP was "Founded in prison and developed from the real life experiences of
prisoners, AVP encourages every person's innate power to positively
transform first themselves and then the world we live in.

"Alternatives to Violence Project brings together diverse groups of people
to build Dr. King's nonviolent "beloved community". Together, we will build
a more peaceful and equitable world." For a descriptions of AVP go to:
[http://avpusa.org/about-us-2/](http://avpusa.org/about-us-2/).

We will meet in the fellowship room since the Tai Chi class will be meeting
in the Worship Room. We will start with tea and muffins and end with lunch.
Both will be provided.

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

* **February 5** *TBA* - **TBA**
* **February 12** *OVYM Faith & Practice* - **Betsy N.**
* **February 19** *Slovakia's Roma Population* - **Stan B.**
* **February 26** *Habitat for Humanity*

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, **Melva
Sue P**, and **Kitrina K**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

## First Hour, February 12

*OVYM Faith & Practice*. Consideration of 3 new & revised sections for the OVYM
Faith & Practice book - *Trustees*, *Queries*, & *Spiritual Friendships*.

**Betsy N.** will lead us. We will read and discuss three sections that  we are
considering for addition to Ohio Valley Yearly Meeting's Faith and Practice
booklet. At our First Friday potluck 2/3 we completed the Trustees and
Spiritual Friendship sections.  This morning we will complete the Queries.  We
will start on the 6th query on p 3.

## First Hour, February 19

*Slovakia's Roma Population: Marginalization, Othering and Creativity*

Humanist geographer **Stan B.** will share thoughts on the plight of the Roma
(known also as "gypsies," a distasteful term no longer in use) in eastern
Slovakia where he spent two-plus months last year.  A keen-eyed collector of
art and artifacts, Stan will bring examples of work by members of this
seldom represented ethnic group.

# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **February 3** *OVYM Faith & Practice*
* **February 17** **Cancelled**

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45
until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  

## 1st Friday Potluck

Topic: *Consideration of 3 new & revised sections for the OVYM Faith & Practice
booklet Trustees, Queries, & Spiritual Friendships*.

After supper **Betsy Neale** will lead us as we will read and discuss three
sections that  we are considering for addition to Ohio Valley Yearly
Meeting's Faith and Practice booklet. 

## 3rd Friday Potluck

**Cancelled in prep for the AVP Workshop**
