---
title: "March 2017 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2017-03"
---

# Save the Date

**March 15** - **On The Table** LFM will host a dessert oriented [On The
Table](https://www.bgcf.org/onthetable) discussion at *7PM*.

**April 7-9** - **LFM Retreat at Pine Mountain Settlement School**.  We
gather Friday night through Sunday lunch.  Children are free.  

**May 20-21** - **Kathleen Cummings Memorial & Panola Ridge Sanctuary Opening**.  

**June 14-18** - **Ohio Valley Yearly Meeting at Earlham College, Richmond,
Indiana**.  Come be with other Friends from Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky.
Children will attend for free.  Great programs for children and adults.

**July 2-8** - **FGC Gathering at Niagra University, Niagra Falls, New York**.
*"Ripples Start Where Spirit Moves"* is the theme.  This is the large national
gathering of the liberal Friends General Conference.

# On the Table

We have invited our neighbors from the streets around the Meetinghouse to join
us.  Please register below, but come whether not you are registered.

On March 15, Lexingtonians will engage in a community-wide conversation to
discuss not only what makes our city great, but what we can do to make it
better. Small groups will be gathering for a dessert conversation at the
Lexington Friends Meetinghouse to talk about the issues that impact our quality
of life. You are invited!

The ideas we come up with will feed into the city's next Comprehensive Plan.
Our thoughts and concerns will also help inform the priorities of the Blue
Grass Community Foundation, which sponsors a broad variety of projects to
improve our city.

Lexington Friends Meeting is proud to serve as a Host for this exciting
community initiative. We hope you will join us for dessert on Wednesday evening
March 15 at 7pm to be part of the conversation. We suggest you register online
at [http://www.bgcf.org/onthetable/guest](http://www.bgcf.org/onthetable/guest)
, so that you can receive an important follow-up survey. You will be asked to
name who invited you.  Write "Lexington Friends."


# Living in Community Workshop

On **Saturday, March 18th**, we will host the third of three
"Living in Community" events designed to help members of LFM improve the skills
we need to successfully work with one another in community..  Saturday's
workshop will be facilitated by a team from Lexington meeting

We will meet in the fellowship room since the Tai Chi class will be meeting
in the Worship Room. We will start (~8:30 a.m.) with tea and muffins and end
with lunch.  Both will be provided.


# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

* **March 5** *Why Bother with the Bible* - **Richard Mitchell**
* **March 12** *Elias Hicks* - **Richard Mitchell**
* **March 19** *TBA* - **TBA**
* **March 26** *Quakers in Japan* - **David & Rhonda Pfaltzgraff-Carlson**

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, **Melva
Sue P**, and **Kitrina K**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

## First Hour, March 5

The book we will be reading this Sunday makes the case for why we should be
knowledgeable about the Bible better than I can.  The book is by Unitarian
minister John Buehrens.  It's title is *Understanding the Bible*.  Buehrens'
subtitle should make those of you who wary of the Bible feel a little bit
safer: An Introduction for Skeptics, Seeks, and Religious Liberals.  We will
be reading excerpts from his introduction "Reasons: Why Bother with the
Bible?"

## First Hour, March 12

Quakers & Scripture: the view  of early 19th Century Friend Elias Hicks.

## First Hour, March 26

Cincinnati Friends David & Rhonda Pfaltzgraff-Carlson will show us slides
from their trip to Japan where they visited Japanese Quakers.

# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **March 3** *Harrison Elementary Volunteer Opportunities*
* **March 31** *State of the Meeting*

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45
until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  

## 1st Friday Potluck

Topic: *Harrison Elementary Volunteer Opportunities*

A representative from this school, which is near our Meetinghouse will talk
with us about the challenges faced by this school, and was by which Friends
might help.

## 3rd Friday Potluck

Topic: *State of the Meeting Threshing Session*

Annually, Quaker meetings prepare a document that some Friends call a "State of
the Meeting" report and others call a *State of the Society* report.  Usually
one Friend or a small committee of Friends is asked to prepare the report.
This report   assesses our Meeting's strengths and weaknesses against the
testimonies of the Religious Society of Friends and (in recent years) Lexington
Meeting's *Mission & Goals".
                                                                                                                           
The purpose of our 3/31 program is for the Meeting as a whole to thresh our
strengths and weaknesses.  Those writing the   report will use the newsprint
notes from this threshing session as raw material for their report.  After
reviewing and editing the report, the Ministry & Worship Committee will
submit it for the Meeting's consideration at our 4th-Month Meeting for Worship
with Attention to Business.  The approved report will be read and reviewed at
the 5th-month session of Miami Quarterly Meeting.  It will be published with
the 2017 Minutes of Ohio Valley Yearly Meeting.  Members of the Ministry &
Worship Committee will lead the threshing session.
