---
title: "July 2017 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2017-07"
---

# Upcoming Events

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

This month's topics include: 

* **July 2** *Japanese Interment & AFSC* - **Pamela G**
* **July 9** *Sustainable Vacations* - **Kelsey Minarik**
* **July 16** *TBD* - **TBD**
* **July 25** *TBD*- **TBD**

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to
the members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, **Melva
Sue P**, and **Kitrina K**) at **are@lexingtonfriends.org**.

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

## July 2

Topic: The Japanese internment in WW II and the role of American Friends
Service Committee (AFSC) in assisting the internees

From Pamela Graber's message:  We will read from the oral histories of
several internees which have been recorded by the AFSC.  Click
[here](https://www.afsc.org/sites/afsc.civicactions.net/files/documents/AFSC%20Oral%20History%20Project%20-%20American-Japanese%20Internment.pdf)
here to go to these transcripts.  Several of us will report on what we have
read and we will discuss it.  Others can read on your own.  There are 200+
pages.  Pick a place and read.

Pamela will lead our discussion.

## July 9

Topic: The who, what, when, where, why, and how of Sustainable Vacations

**Kelsey Minarik** is the owner & founder of Anahata Travel, a Lexington-based
travel agency specializing in adventure & sustainable travel.  She will be
discussing the who, what, when, where, why, and how of sustainable vacations
as well as practical tips to make your trips more eco-friendly.

For more information, especially for folks who cannot make this first hour,
see below.

> Kelsey Minarik
> 
> Travel Counselor & Educator
>
> Anahata Travel: Connecting You to Your World
>
> [http://www.anahatatravel.com](http://www.anahatatravel.com)

# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **July 7** *God in Nature*
* **July 21** *TBD*

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45 until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  

NOTE:  There are now pre-printed cards available at the Meetinghouse on which
you can check off items in your dish of which some Friends might be wary. 

## First Friday, July 7

Do Friends sense the Divine in nature?  When and where do we feel this?  Led by **Steve S**.

