---
title: "May 2017 Announcements"
type: "announcement"
month: "2017-05"
---

# Save the Date

**April 23** - Peace and Social Concerns Committee is hosting a visit from Rev.
Busura from Rwanda.  He will be present for both First Hour and available
during Fellowship at rise of meeting.

**May 20-21** - **Kathleen Cummings Memorial & Panola Ridge Sanctuary Opening**.  

**June 3** - **Religious Education Retreat** 9-12 Saturday.

**June 14-18** - **Ohio Valley Yearly Meeting at Earlham College, Richmond,
Indiana**.  Come be with other Friends from Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky.
Children will attend for free.  Great programs for children and adults.

**July 2-8** - **FGC Gathering at Niagra University, Niagra Falls, New York**.
*"Ripples Start Where Spirit Moves"* is the theme.  This is the large national
gathering of the liberal Friends General Conference.

**October 6-8** - **All Kentucky Friends Gathering**. This will be held at the
Blue Grass Christian Camp, located 3 miles east of I-75 Exit 104 near
Lexington. We are planning a weekend retreat, beginning Friday evening and
ending with Sunday lunch. There will be opportunities for worship,
fellowship, recreation, and spiritual growth and renewal.

# Adult Religious Education (First Hour)

* **May 7** *TBA* - TBD
* **May 14** *Sonic Meditation* - Kevin Holmes-Hudson
* **May 21** *TBA* - TBD
* **May 28** *TBA* - TBD

We meet in the Library, and start promptly at **9:15am**- even if some of us have
not yet arrived.  We end at 10:15am to join the hymn singing.

If you have an idea for a topic for First Hour Discussion please send it to the
members of the ARE Committee (**Audrey R**, **Elizabeth L**, and **Melva Sue
P**).

We usually (but not always) anchor the discussion with a reading.  We encourage
you to lead the discussion of your topic, but we will seek another leader if
you prefer.

## First Hour, May 7

*Sonic Meditation* by Pauline Oliveros led by Kevin Holm-Hudson.

Note:  This session will be held in the Worship Room.

**Pauline Oliveros** was a senior figure in contemporary American music, with a
career spanning fifty years of boundary-dissolving music making. Her life as a
composer, performer and humanitarian was devoted to opening her own and others'
sensibilities to the universe and facets of sounds.  Pauline Oliveros was the
founder of "Deep Listening," which came from her childhood fascination with
sounds and from her works in concert music with composition, improvisation and
electro-acoustics.  She described Deep Listening as "a way of listening in
every possible way to everything possible to hear no matter what you are doing.
Such intense listening includes the sounds of daily life, of nature, of one's
own thoughts as well as musical sounds. Deep Listening is my life practice."

# Potlucks

Our potlucks topics for the month include:

* **May 19** *TBD*

We gather at 6:45, begin supper at **7:00pm**, and the program runs from 7:45
until 9:00.

Bring a dish to serve 6. Don't have time to get a dish ready?  Join us anyway.
There's always enough.  
